hey you guys what's up and welcome back
to the small ethics Channel today I
thought it would be really really fun to
do a petite power workout together
because I really I don't think I've ever
walked you guys through a petite power
workout by the way in case you don't
know petite power is my total
transformation program for petite women
influence fitness and nutrition and it's
even coaches to help you along the way
as well as a badass community of other
petite women who are you know working
toward the same goals as you so I am
very excited well I'm gonna get my phone
to have two announcements for you first
of all if some of you guys know the wait
list for PT power is really long there's
over a thousand people on it and
enrollment has been closed just because
we've been full since March but we were
opening up with the doors and they're
opened just for the next few days if you
want to join or learn more you can learn
more and it's just description below but
the really exciting announcement I have
is that petite power is now an app and
we now have an app for customers who are
doing the program with us together and
today we're gonna be using that app I'm
going to show you what it looks like and
I'm gonna take you through a total body
circuit workout that you'd like to find
the inside petite color okay so all you
need for this workout is a pair of
dumbbells or you can use soup cans
whatever is in your house and a
resistance band that's it
we're gonna do it our living room I'm
wearing some shoes you can do it
barefoot as well and it's gonna be a
circuit so we're gonna do exercises all
in a row rest at the end and then we
repeat the circuit so all you have to do
is follow along and yeah I'm so so
excited to do this I can't believe I
have not done a petite power workout
with you guys before on my youtube
channel but here we go let's do it okay
you guys we're gonna warm up together
first it's really important to warm up
before you string train or exercise just
so bring one knee into your chest and
something I love about the program is
that it walks you through your warmup
before every workout so that you're
just like left to wonder what you should
be doing it also has full full full
rolling routines in it which is great
for warming up but I'm not including
that right now because some of you guys
might not not have full molars and then
I don't want you to stop watching this
what I got for sure just bring one knee
up we'll make it a quick warm-up for
this today it's kind of twisty in here
let's bring in quad stretch one hand up
to the sky about the tippy toe
switch sides so we're getting a triple
extension here ankle knee and hips up
okay if you lose your balance super
casual workout today just in my living
room just getting something done you
know moving the body feeling good good
let's do some lunges you're going to
step out reach overhead step back and
switch should feel a really good stretch
and in front of your hips and leg
start to wake up the fraud make sure
you're reading through the movements
also make sure you're getting a good
range of motion here bring your knee
down to the ground
good all right let's move into some
hands-free hamstring it's cute one foot
out in front the other knee is slightly
bent you're gonna reach down hinges and
hips flat back I'm gonna reach up those
guys so you should feel a nice stretch
four times you're like and then you'll
switch sides reach alternating sides
scoop in hamstrings getting a leg
stretch using your breath oh man this
will feel so good
[Music]
[Applause]
all right last one all right let's move
it into some lateral lunges we're
stepping out to the side toes are facing
the same direction just move back and
forth because this feels good right now
and after the warm-up I'm just gonna run
through the workout with you you can
follow me along it's gonna be really fun
a lot of them good mix of like strength
training some body weight relate to help
you lean out build muscle feel strong in
your body good and then if you like you
can just stretch your knees your hips
open this is available to you on either
side kind of just like to do what feels
good to in a warm up and get things
warmed up and then let's just do some
arm circles just to get the upper body a
little bit mobilized and forward
alright let's get started alright so
we're starting with bicep curls we have
12 reps grab your weights and standing
hip shoulder width apart roll the
shoulders back you're just gonna curl up
nice and slow and then go slower on the
way down okay so in exhale on the way
down three four five make sure those
shoulders are pulled back six I'll be
there seven eight nine to the belly
button in four nice and tight ten eleven
I'm harnessing well good moving on to
the next exercise
all right you guys next up we have 15
pull squats so if you have a band you
can put it right above your knees make
sure you don't put it on your knees but
above it okay so we're gonna go into a
squat position feet are shoulder width
distance apart you're gonna make sure
that your toes are turned out we're
going to come down into a squat drive
the knees out we're gonna pulse for 15
okay you guys just 15 reps you got four
five six seven eight nine ten squeeze
those glutes press those knees out and
breathe two one stand and shake it out
alright next up we have some jackknife
single like jack nuts come down with me
to the floor on our box before we get
started here make sure that you bring
the belly button into the spine rotate
your pelvis close that gap between the
lower your lower back in the floor okay
one knee bent the other one out straight
now from here make sure the shoulder
you're down away from the ears you can
live to these shoulders slightly off the
ground we're just gonna be bringing one
leg up and down okay
two
exhale as you bring the leg up for five
neck nice and long six seven eight
squeeze in that four we got four three
two and one knee down lift the other leg
and here we go y'all one two exhale
three
press out lower back into the floor five
job you guys
six seven eight last four right here
exhale three two and one good and notice
we're not taking a break between any of
these exercises this circuit is meant to
be back to back exercises we'll take a
rest at the end okay
back to standing we have this
alternating forward lunges eight on each
leg grab your weights
roll the shoulders back that could bring
the belly button to the spine step out
into a forward lunge and back ultra
leading alternating sign it's right here
two three good four five keep that belly
button in
nice take four
make sure you're breathing we're halfway
there job you guys keep it up last four
reps prices ideal on the way up and two
and one good please tumble down okay at
this point your heart rate should be
elevated a little bit we're moving into
tricep dips
I'm gonna use my couch if you have the
couch or you know anything with objects
in your house a bench that works fine
we're doing 16 reps of tricep dips you
know place your hands flat on your couch
or bench for every where he come out
straight if this is too hard for you you
can bend the knees to modify bring them
in closer okay so here we go we've got
sixteen you're dipping low and then back
up squeezing the triceps on the way up
straightening the elbows all the way
exhaling on the way up
five six good job you guys seven eight
we're halfway there you got eight seven
keep going six five four three feeling
the burn two and one and relax but not
for too long
because we're still going are you guys
we have three more exercises left in the
circuit and then we're gonna take a
break don't break now grab your band if
you have it and meet me on the floor
alright we're coming into some glute
bridges you're laying on the floor again
squeeze the belly button to the spine
we're pressing through the heels and
squeezing the glutes at the top squeeze
about cheeks together that's one I'm
gonna hold it for a second at the top
two three we got fifteen of these bad
boys for job you guys bye squeeze those
glutes
six seven keep it up eight over halfway
there really squeeze nine drive those
knees out actively we out five four
three job two and one
relax okay second to last exercise we
have a squat to press overhead so grab
those beats and arms are by the side you
don't want them out all the way flaring
and you don't want them peeing all the
way somewhere in between our next proper
squat stance toes turned out we're going
to squat down bend the knees out
standard press overhead okay that's one
two exhale as you come up three four job
you guys
five six seven eight you got it last
four stay with it three two and one good
relax all right you guys may be on the
floor this is the last exercise in the
circuit before you repeat the circuit
we're doing straight legs sit up so
you're gonna come down and laying arms
out nice and long
feet out long you're gonna bring the
belly button to the spine and squeeze
your core and as you take it inhale when
you exhale we're going to sit up in
three two one straight leg sit up
sitting nice and tall and then come down
vertebra by vertebra - we've got 20 of
these you guys so get comfy and when I
see comfy kind of mean uncomfortable
there is some degree of working out it
doesn't always feel comfortable right
but we're getting stronger pain is
different you don't want to be in pain
but discomfort is okay especially when
you're
just getting started learning how to
build muscle keep using that breath
eight almost halfway there
then keep those shoulders down away from
the ears
okay I'm slowly shifting halfway there
you guys we got in there and let's keep
it up really focus on your core
squeezing that belly button in vertebrae
by vertebrae on the way down last five
right here you got it we got four three
job
two and one
all right you guys so I want you to grab
some water right now take a breather
even just put on a timer you got one
minute and then I want you to go back to
the very beginning of this video and
repeat the circuit three to four times
if you're new to lifting weights a total
of three times so two more times will be
great if you want to get a little bit
more of a workout in you can do it a
total of four times so go back and
repeat it three times and that will be
your total body strength start getting
workout for the day all right you guys
once you finished it great job giving
through the workout I hope that you
learned something new I hope that you
feel good like you worked out and like I
said we are taking new clients into the
petite power program starting well last
Saturday through this coming week so
make sure that if you're interested or
you want to learn more that you get in
touch with us you can sign up below or
you can send me an Instagram DM I will
definitely reply and I want to help us
petite women learn how to increase your
metabolism lose fat gain a muscle and do
this all without decreasing your
calories right I don't want you guys
going on diets I don't want you
struggling with that I want you to be
eating lots of food feeling good feeling
healthy in your skin and shedding fat
and your sleep that is the goal all
right you guys I'm out of breath and it
only did one circuit so far I'm gonna go
finish the rest of circuits and I hope
you have a great rest of your day and
I'll see you soon bye
[Music]